Bugfix/dm 2674 failed changing external microservice service key y2024 (#1828)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/cumulocity-10-20-316-0-Fixed-issue-with-changing-microservice-service-key.md

---
date:
title: LWM2M agent changes external microservice properly
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area: Device Management & Connectivity
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: DM-2674
version: 10.18.540.74
---

> In LWM2M device protocols resource's custom action configuration, the exchange to another external decoder microservice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the custom action configuration of LWM2M device protocol resources, the exchange to another external decoder microservice
```
"LWM2M device protocols resource's custom action configuration" is a very long term, hard to understand :-)

---
date:
title: LWM2M agent changes external microservice properly
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area: Device Management & Connectivity
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: DM-2674
version: 10.18.540.74
---

Changing the external microservice was not working as expected because the LWM2M agent would still point the custom

> actions to the old microservice as the service-key was not being updated.This LWM2M agent version fixes the bug by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
actions to the old microservice as the service key was not being updated. Now
```

> updating the service-key when the external microservice is changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the service key is updated properly when the external microservice is changed.
```
